Add honeypot to sign up form (#3774)
pennersr/django-allauth: ChangeLog.rst

  accordingly. Migrations are in place.  For rationale, see the note about email
  case sensitivity in the documentation.

> - Added an optional honeypot field that will not create an account if filled out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an optional honeypot field to the signup form preventing an account to be created when it gets filled out.
```
